Update Install docs again - how to choose a pyqt backend instead of pyside2 (#61)
napari/tutorials: fundamentals/installation.md

$ pip install napari
```

### choosing differnt backends
The default napari backend is [PySide2](https://wiki.qt.io/Qt_for_Python), which is fine for most users. A small percentage of users may wish to use a [PyQt](https://www.riverbankcomputing.com/software/pyqt/intro) backend instead. 

> If you want to install napari with a [PyQt](https://www.riverbankcomputing.com/software/pyqt/intro) backend with a single line command, you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### choosing different Qt backends

Most users can safely ignore this section. If, however, you aim to use napari together with software that uses PyQt5, or have some other reason to prefer that Qt backend, read on.

[Qt](https://www.qt.io) is a C++ library that provides unified graphical user interface (GUI) elements and interactivity across platforms and operating systems. Several libraries exist for accessing these elements from Python, which we call in the context of napari a *backend*.

The default napari backend is [PySide2](https://wiki.qt.io/Qt_for_Python), and this is what you get if you type `pip install napari` or `conda install -c conda-forge napari`. If you wish to use [PyQt5](https://www.riverbankcomputing.com/software/pyqt/intro) as the backend instead, you can install napari with this single command:
```

Author: Thanks!

```
pip install pyqt5 napari
```

Note: the order of installation is important, [pyqt5](https://pypi.org/project/PyQt5/) must be installed *before* napari. During installation napari checks whether [pyqt5](https://pypi.org/project/PyQt5/) is already available. 
If  so, napari will use a [PyQt](https://www.riverbankcomputing.com/software/pyqt/intro) backend. 
If there is no pre-existing installation of [pyqt5](https://pypi.org/project/PyQt5/), then napari will install and use 
a [PySide2](https://wiki.qt.io/Qt_for_Python) backend. 

> This is the default, and fine for most users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: the order of the packages in the above line is important, because [pyqt5](https://pypi.org/project/PyQt5/) must be installed *before* napari.
```

$ pip install napari --upgrade
```

> ## choosing different Qt backends

Reviewer 2: I might say "choosing different python bindings for Qt"

Most users can safely ignore this section. If, however, you aim to use napari together with software that uses PyQt5, or have some other reason to prefer that Qt backend, read on.

[Qt](https://www.qt.io) is a C++ library that provides unified graphical user interface (GUI) elements and interactivity across platforms and operating systems. Several libraries exist for accessing these elements from Python, which we call in the context of napari a *backend*.

> The default napari backend is [PySide2](https://wiki.qt.io/Qt_for_Python), and this is what you get if you type `pip install napari` or `conda install -c conda-forge napari` and you do not have [pyqt5](https://pypi.org/project/PyQt5/) installed. If you wish to use [PyQt5](https://www.riverbankcomputing.com/software/pyqt/intro) as the backend instead, you can install pyqt5 and napari from PyPI like this.

Reviewer 2: I would refer to `PySide2` and `PyQt5` as different python bindings for our Qt backend. Isn't that more accurate. I might also introduce [qtpy](https://github.com/spyder-ide/qtpy) as an abstraction layer that allows us to use either set of python bindings

Installing napari from PyPI, using a [pyqt5](https://pypi.org/project/PyQt5/) backend:
```
pip install pyqt5
pip install napari
```

**Note: The order of installing packages is important, [pyqt5](https://pypi.org/project/PyQt5/) must be installed *before* napari.**

> If you would like install napari from the git repository instead, and use [pyqt5](https://pypi.org/project/PyQt5/) instead of [PySide2](https://wiki.qt.io/Qt_for_Python), then you also need to use the pip argument `--no-use-pep517`.

Reviewer 2: Can you explain very briefly why you need `--no-use-pep517`, i've never heard of it

Reviewer 3: Pep 517 introduce isolated build system https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0517/. So during installation there is created wheel in isolated virtualenv, which block checking current environment (checking if PyQt5 is already installed). Currently pip decides to use pep517 if pyproject.toml is present on top level (even it does not have `[build-system]` section).

$ pip install napari --upgrade
```

## choosing different Qt backends

Most users can safely ignore this section. If, however, you aim to use napari together with software that uses PyQt5, or have some other reason to prefer that Qt backend, read on.

[Qt](https://www.qt.io) is a C++ library that provides unified graphical user interface (GUI) elements and interactivity across platforms and operating systems. Several libraries exist for accessing these elements from Python, which we call in the context of napari a *backend*.

The default napari backend is [PySide2](https://wiki.qt.io/Qt_for_Python), and this is what you get if you type `pip install napari` or `conda install -c conda-forge napari` and you do not have [pyqt5](https://pypi.org/project/PyQt5/) installed. If you wish to use [PyQt5](https://www.riverbankcomputing.com/software/pyqt/intro) as the backend instead, you can install napari with this single command:
```

> pip install pyqt5 napari

Reviewer 3: Split this on two lines. Packages are installed simultaneously so check-up done in `setup.py` fails.

Author: Thanks!

Reviewer: Fascinating! I was unaware of this (clearly). Thanks again @Czaki!

$ pip install napari --upgrade
```

## choosing different Qt backends

Most users can safely ignore this section. If, however, you aim to use napari together with software that uses PyQt5, or have some other reason to prefer that Qt backend, read on.

[Qt](https://www.qt.io) is a C++ library that provides unified graphical user interface (GUI) elements and interactivity across platforms and operating systems. Several libraries exist for accessing these elements from Python, which we call in the context of napari a *backend*.

The default napari backend is [PySide2](https://wiki.qt.io/Qt_for_Python), and this is what you get if you type `pip install napari` or `conda install -c conda-forge napari` and you do not have [pyqt5](https://pypi.org/project/PyQt5/) installed. If you wish to use [PyQt5](https://www.riverbankcomputing.com/software/pyqt/intro) as the backend instead, you can install napari like this:
```
pip install pyqt5
pip install napari
```

**Note**: the order of the packages in the above line is important, because [pyqt5](https://pypi.org/project/PyQt5/) must be installed *before* napari.

> 

Reviewer 3: Ok. I found two more important informations and I suggest to add additional note. This come from using `pyproject.toml` as configuration file for black. When pip find this file it enables build package build in isolate mode (PEP 517) so code in `setup.py` can not check which packages are already installed. 

This problem does not occur when napari is installed from pypi because `pyproject.toml` is not listed in `MANIFEST.in` 

```markdown
**Note 2** If you would like install napari from repository but with PyQt5 instead of PySide2 then after install PyQt5 install napari with:

`pip install --no-use-pep517 git+https://github.com/napari/napari`

or 

`pip install --no-use-pep517 path_to_napari`

```

Author: This genuinely makes it seem that the "simplification" for installing napari & pyqt5/pyside2 has actually made things much more complex. @jni does this change your mind?

Author: And thank you @Czaki you've been very diligent with this review and it's been very, very helpful to know about all of these tricky edge cases!

Reviewer 3: Old instruction still works, but if you install napari in editable mode without `--no-use-pep517` then remove PySide2 to use PyQt5 then you got so pretty message:

```
napari
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/home/czaki/.pyenv/versions/napari-test/bin/napari", line 6, in <module>
    from pkg_resources import load_entry_point
  File "/home/czaki/.pyenv/versions/3.7.2/envs/napari-test/lib/python3.7/site-packages/pkg_resources/__init__.py", line 3258, in <module>
    @_call_aside
  File "/home/czaki/.pyenv/versions/3.7.2/envs/napari-test/lib/python3.7/site-packages/pkg_resources/__init__.py", line 3242, in _call_aside
    f(*args, **kwargs)
  File "/home/czaki/.pyenv/versions/3.7.2/envs/napari-test/lib/python3.7/site-packages/pkg_resources/__init__.py", line 3271, in _initialize_master_working_set
    working_set = WorkingSet._build_master()
  File "/home/czaki/.pyenv/versions/3.7.2/envs/napari-test/lib/python3.7/site-packages/pkg_resources/__init__.py", line 584, in _build_master
    ws.require(__requires__)
  File "/home/czaki/.pyenv/versions/3.7.2/envs/napari-test/lib/python3.7/site-packages/pkg_resources/__init__.py", line 901, in require
    needed = self.resolve(parse_requirements(requirements))
  File "/home/czaki/.pyenv/versions/3.7.2/envs/napari-test/lib/python3.7/site-packages/pkg_resources/__init__.py", line 787, in resolve
    raise DistributionNotFound(req, requirers)
pkg_resources.DistributionNotFound: The 'PySide2>=5.12.3' distribution was not found and is required by napari
```
